this is Luke how do we know each other
we grew up together in Dallas church
together and not happy yes bad habits so
the bad habits are that we planted who
used to do like shows him Deep Ellum ego
in Dallas and we'd play like once a
month probably on Sunday nights ago
like X's on our hands
like 17 year-olds playing
like
you guys need to look it up are we so
Spotify and iTunes the gyms will go okay
here we go guys look up we're about fine
an EP by the bad habit and that's
son it was riveting we're going down
memory lane it was this fun times good
to have you in New York birding farm
amazing coffee they have locations all
over New York so if you're ever in New
York
Irving farm
Luc's first time in New York he hasn't
seen Central Park we're gonna go take
out the bike and a booster board and not
get run over by cars this will be the
first time then I take out my bike I'm
super excited got a pump up the tires
one of my favorite things to do is to
show people who have never ridden a
booster board how do these two work this
is how you control that quick sidenote
look how cute my shoes look they match
the booster board oh my gosh fam these
are the only shoes I'm wearing from now
on out when I'm riding the boosted
the bike looks good
here you go sir
you know it's like 22 miles all right
okay it yeah look needs to step it up in
the Gusev word shouldn't be beating him
it is so hot it's Texas hot in New York
except that the air-conditioning isn't
as I don't know how to describe Texas
because Texas heat it's hot but every
single place you walk into every single
car you have full blast a/c I think
that's what's the difference that's why
I feel like New York seems a little bit
harder because you're always walking
places always riding around but it's
alright because we're in New York the
views here the views here are circles so
my live it was fun
safe travels
surviving
is so much mommy - disgusting
by mr. burger in town so I had to bike
like two miles it's so freakin hot
outside 7 p.m.
probably you get inside
apartment so I'm going to give you an
apartment tour before my stuff gets here
and excuse one of the main things that
was on my list for an apartment was a
natural light because I'm going to do a
lot of shooting in here and natural
light is super important a lot of the
places I saw was just like one single
window that filled the apartment what I
really like about this apartment is
they're just windows everywhere
everywhere and I love it so one bedroom
and Soriana let me hit me show you guys
around so you walk in immediately into
the kitchen so the kitchen they're still
coming to clean some stuff but this is
the kitchen area and I have a nice
little pantry situation right there so
you walk around here here are the two
windows this is where the pliers scape
is and this is the bathroom windows
another window you walk past the pantry
thing here's another window so here you
walk into the first room and there's
another window so this is like the first
bedroom I'm not sure which one is gonna
be like my office and which one will be
the more chill hangout bedroom and you
walk back here and I love this room
because it's just so filled with natural
light
yeah and so here is the second room and
I have like a little closet here and
yeah also where I am it's very centrally
located so I'm in the middle of pretty
much everything it is and I really
didn't want to live in Brooklyn Queens
it might be kind of a noisy spot but I
have a lot of room I have a lot of
natural light which is key so yeah it's
super exciting to share this with you so
much for hanging out with myself I'm
going to bike back to where I'm staying
to career me before it gets dark
and tomorrow's move-in day you guys
rocked it stinky cheap okay bye
but this is all about you
i I want to ask you to do something I
want to get to know you better and I
to get to know everyone better as well
so I am aiming for a thousand comments
on this video